# multilevel-queue-scheduling
Write a program for multilevel queue scheduling algorithm. There must be three queues generated. There must be specific range of priority associated with every queue. Now prompt the user to enter number of processes along with their priority and burst time. Each process must occupy the respective queue with specific priority range according to its priority. Apply Round robin algorithm algorithm with quantum time 4 on queue with highest priority range. Apply priority scheduling algorithm on the queue with medium range of priority and First come first serve algorithm on the queue with lowest range of priority. Each and every queue should get a quantum time of 10 seconds. Cpu will keep on shifting between queues after every 10 seconds i.e. to apply round robin algorithm OF 10 seconds on over all structure. Calculate Waiting time and turnaround time for every process. The input for number of processes should be given by the user. 23. Design a scheduler that uses a preemptive priority scheduling algorithm based on dynamically changing priority. Larger number for priority indicates higher priority. Assume that the following processes with arrival time and service time wants to execute (for reference): ProcessID Arrival Time Service Time P1 0 4 P2 1 1 P3 2 2 P4 3 1 When the process starts execution (i.e. CPU assigned), priority for that process changes at the rate of m=1. When the process waits for CPU in the ready queue (but not yet started execution), its priority changes at a rate n=2. All the processes are initially assigned priority value of 0 when they enter ready queue for the first time . The time slice for each process is q = 1. When two processes want to join ready queue simultaneously, the process which has not executed recently is given priority. Calculate the average waiting time for each process. The program must be generic i.e. number of processes, their burst time and arrival time must be entered by user.
